# Design-Analysis
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course? The problems that we were attacking in this course is sorting data. Loading files and bring up that data. Having it sort in a certain order or just calling certain courses with the data that is involved with that course.
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand. The first approach was to create a psudeocode, to get an understanding what is being asked of us. It also provided a framework to create the code. We worked on vectors, hash tables and BST's. These structures allows for sorting and a faster lookup.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project? Most roadblocks I had to overcome I received help from the tutorial line with SNHU. I did have some errors where there were clerical. Some issues was placement of code.One instance where the display wouldnt load and I had to add more code to get it to populate. My main issue was the csv files not loading when it was time to run the program. Still never solved that problem even after going to google. 
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs? These projects have definitely help me to understand that proper planning and understanding of the project is needed before going forth with any design or work.By understanding that it would help determing what kind of data structure is needed for the code. It is important to know how the data is stored, called, and displayed. 
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? In this project I believe that I improved with my inline comments. Im sure I can do better, but this was better than the past. I think the organization of the code makes it more readable, maintainable and adatapble. It easier to go in and see visually what needs to be corrected or adjusted just by organization. 
